feat(curriculum): Add fCC Authors Page Project to JS Cert (#49826)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-fetch-and-promises-by-building-an-fcc-authors-page/641daa8c2c3e364ac3650b37.md

---
id: 641daa8c2c3e364ac3650b37
title: Step 27
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-27
---

# --description--

> Add a `div` element above the author's bio and give it the class `purple-divider`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, there's not a lot of separation between each author's name and image, and the rest of the details on the card. A divider will give the author cards a clear visual hierarchy.

Add a `div` element above the author's bio and give it the `class` `purple-divider`.
```

  height: 15px;
}

.author-name {
  margin: 10px;
}

.bio {
  margin: 20px;
}

.error-msg {
  color: var(--light-grey);
}

.btn {
  cursor: pointer;
  width: 200px;
  margin: 10px;
  color: var(--main-bg-color);
  font-size: 14px;
  background-color: var(--golden-yellow);
  background-image: linear-gradient(#fecc4c, #ffac33);
  border-color: var(--golden-yellow);
  border-width: 3px;
}
```

```js
const authorContainer = document.getElementById('author-container');
const loadMoreBtn = document.getElementById('load-more-btn');

let startingIndex = 0;
let endingIndex = 8;
let authorDataArr = [];

fetch('https://cdn.freecodecamp.org/curriculum/news-author-page/authors.json')
  .then((res) => res.json())
  .then((data) => {
    authorDataArr = data;
    displayAuthors(authorDataArr.slice(startingIndex, endingIndex));  
  })
  .catch((err) => {
    console.error(`There was an error: ${err}`);
  });

const fetchMoreAuthors = () => {
  startingIndex += 8;
  endingIndex += 8;

  displayAuthors(authorDataArr.slice(startingIndex, endingIndex));
  if (authorDataArr.length <= endingIndex) {
    loadMoreBtn.disabled = true;
    loadMoreBtn.textContent = 'No more data to load';
  }
};

> const displayAuthors = (authors) => {
>   authors.forEach( ({ author, image, url, bio }, index) =>
>   (authorContainer.innerHTML += `
>     <div id="${index}" class="user-card">
>       <h2 class="author-name">${author}</h2>
>       <img class="user-img" src="${image}" alt="${author} avatar">
>       --fcc-editable-region--
>     
>       --fcc-editable-region--
>       <p class="bio">${bio}</p>
>       <a class="author-link" href="${url}" target="_blank">${author} author page</a>
>     </div>
>   `)
>   )
> };

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const displayAuthors = (authors) => {
  authors.forEach(({ author, image, url, bio }, index) => {
    authorContainer.innerHTML += `
    <div id="${index}" class="user-card">
      <h2 class="author-name">${author}</h2>
      <img class="user-img" src="${image}" alt="${author} avatar">
      --fcc-editable-region--
    
      --fcc-editable-region--
      <p class="bio">${bio}</p>
      <a class="author-link" href="${url}" target="_blank">${author}'s author page</a>
    </div>
  `;
  });
};
```

---
id: 641daa8c2c3e364ac3650b37
title: Step 27
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-27
---

# --description--

Next, there's not a lot of separation between each author's name and image, and the rest of the details on the card. A divider will give the author cards a clear visual hierarchy.

Add a `div` element above the author's bio and give it the `class` `purple-divider`.

# --hints--

> You should create a `div` element with the class `purple-divider`.
> 
> ```js
> assert.match(code, /<(div)\s+class=("|')purple\-divider\2><\/\1>/)
> ```

Reviewer 2: ````suggestion
You should create a `div` element before your `p` element.

```js
assert.equal(document.querySelector('p')?.previousElementSibling?.tagName, 'DIV');
```

Your `div` element should have the `class` set to `purple-divider`.

```js
assert.include(document.querySelector('p')?.previousElementSibling?.className, 'purple-divider');
```
````

We can make the tests a bit more robust.
